Due to the demand the company is receiving, they need to figure out how
they can best target new and returning customers, and also understand
which products are selling well.
They are experiencing issues with collating and analysing the data they are
producing at each branch, as their technical setup is limited.
You have been asked to step in and provide consultation on what they
need to do in order to grow their technical offerings, so that they can
continue to accelerate their growth.

Current Setup
Every day, the following occurs for each branch:
• A CSV file containing data about every transaction they made for that
day is generated.
• At 8pm, the data is uploaded to a piece of software installed in the back
office computers.
• Daily, weekly or monthly reports for sales figures and other related
business metrics are created.

The Problem
• The software currently being used only generates reports for single
branches.
• It is time consuming to collate data on all branches.
• Gathering meaningful data for the company on the whole is difficult, due
to the limitations of the software.

The Bigger Problem
The company currently has no way of identifying trends, meaning they are
potentially losing out on major revenue streams.
They are in desperate need of help putting together a platform that will
allow them to easily understand all of the data they are producing.
Due to the highly professional work you completed for them in the past,
they are keen to work alongside you in creating a solution to solve the
problem they're facing.

The Solution
After a thorough analysis and discovery of what the client is looking for, a
plan has been fleshed out. You have been tasked with building a fully
scalable ETL (Extract, Transform, Load) pipeline to handle large volumes
of transaction data for the business. This pipeline will collect all the
transaction data generated by each individual café and place it in a single
location. By being able to easily query the company's data as a whole, the
client will drastically increase their ability to identify company-wide trends
and insights.
You and your team will be in charge of figuring out how to obtain, process,
store and analyse this data.

The Vision
Below is a vision of what both parties would like to produce as the end
result.
• Each night a CSV for each branch will be uploaded to the cloud
• The system we have developed will read each file and perform ETL
steps
• Data will be stored in a data warehouse
• Data analytics software will be used to create Business Intelligence
analytics for the client
• Application monitoring software will be used to produce operational
metrics, such as system errors, up-time and more

The Agile Approach
As we have recently learned, agile is a fantastic way to approach a project
of this size.
So, in true agile nature, we will be building upon the project slowly, and
adding more complexity to it as time progresses.
We have communicated our ways of working with the client, so they
already know how we will be operating as a team day-to-day.
